abortion should be a legal option 	The debate over whether or not abortion should be a legal option continues to divide Americans long after the US Supreme Court's 7-2 decision on Roe v.
therefore abortion is the immoral killing 	Opponents, identifying themselves as pro-life, contend that personhood begins at conception, and therefore abortion is the immoral killing of an innocent human being.
abortion should be a legal option 	The debate over whether or not abortion should be a legal option continues to divide Americans long after the US Supreme Court’s 7-2 decision on Roe v.
therefore abortion is the immoral killing 	Opponents, identifying themselves as pro-life, contend that personhood begins at conception, and therefore abortion is the immoral killing of an innocent human being.
not abortion should be a legal option 	This pro-con debate revolves around whether or not abortion should be a legal option for terminating pregnancies that do not involve rape, incest, or when a mother’s life is in danger.
abortion should be legal 	Although the Catholic and Lutheran churches oppose abortion, more of their members believe abortion should be legal in all or most cases versus illegal in all or most cases (51% vs. 45%, Lutheran; 48% vs. 45%, Catholic).
abortion is the termination 	[31] [32] Embryos and fetuses are not independent, self-determining beings, and abortion is the termination of a pregnancy, not a baby.
unsafe abortions cause 68 worldwide 	[7] The World Health Organization estimated in 2004 that unsafe abortions cause 68,000 maternal deaths worldwide each year, many of those in developing countries where safe and legal abortion services are difficult to access.
abortions are less likely 	 Women who receive abortions are less likely to suffer mental health problems than women denied abortions.
abortion were unavailable 	[21] With 43.8 million abortions performed worldwide in 2008 [74] , the population increase if abortion were unavailable could be substantial.
abortion should be legal 	[33] While the Catholic and Lutheran churches oppose abortion, more of their members believe abortion should be legal in all or most cases versus illegal in all or most cases (51% vs. 45%, Lutheran; 48% vs. 45%, Catholic).
abortion is murder 	Abortion is murder.
abortion is an equivalent 	[23] In the Hindu religion, the holy text Kaushitaki Upanishad states that abortion is an equivalent misdeed to killing one’s own parents.
an abortion is private 	Wade, Justice William H. Rehnquist stated that an abortion "is not 'private' in the ordinary usage of that word.
abortions cause psychological damage 	Abortions cause psychological damage.
abortions reduce the number 	Abortions reduce the number of adoptable babies.
selective abortion is overt discrimination 	Selective abortion based on genetic abnormalities (eugenic termination) is overt discrimination.
abortion should be a legal option 	The debate over whether or not abortion should be a legal option continues to divide Americans long after the US Supreme Court's 7-2 decision on Roe v.
therefore abortion is the immoral killing 	Opponents, identifying themselves as pro-life, contend that personhood begins at conception, and therefore abortion is the immoral killing of an innocent human being.
abortion should be legal 	[79] Gallup also found that more Americans think abortion should be "legal under any circumstances" (28%) than those who want abortion to be "illegal in all circumstances" (21%).
abortion should be legal only 	50% of Americans say abortion should be "legal only under certain circumstances."
abortion is morally wrong 	[94] A 2013 Pew Research survey found that 70% of people who attend religious services at least once a week say abortion is morally wrong, compared with just 32% of people who rarely or never attend services.
] abortions are generally more expensive 	[146] Abortions performed in physicians' offices are generally more expensive than those obtained at an abortion clinic, and abortions performed later in pregnancy are usually more expensive also.
abortions are usually more expensive also 	[146] Abortions performed in physicians' offices are generally more expensive than those obtained at an abortion clinic, and abortions performed later in pregnancy are usually more expensive also.
abortion was illegal 	McCorvey was seeking to end her pregnancy, but abortion was illegal in Texas except to save the mother's life.
sex abortions were taking place 	The bill, signed into law by Republican Governor Jan Brewer, was opposed by Democrats, who said there was little evidence that sex- or race-selection abortions were taking place in the state.
abortion should be a legal option 	The debate over whether or not abortion should be a legal option continues to divide Americans long after the US Supreme Court's 7-2 decision on Roe v.
therefore abortion is the immoral killing 	Opponents, identifying themselves as pro-life, contend that personhood begins at conception, and therefore abortion is the immoral killing of an innocent human being.
abortion should be legal 	Although the Catholic and Lutheran churches oppose abortion, more of their members believe abortion should be legal in all or most cases versus illegal in all or most cases (51% vs. 45%, Lutheran; 48% vs. 45%, Catholic).
abortion is the termination 	[31] [32] Embryos and fetuses are not independent, self-determining beings, and abortion is the termination of a pregnancy, not a baby.
unsafe abortions cause 68 worldwide 	[7] The World Health Organization estimated in 2004 that unsafe abortions cause 68,000 maternal deaths worldwide each year, many of those in developing countries where safe and legal abortion services are difficult to access.
abortions are less likely 	 Women who receive abortions are less likely to suffer mental health problems than women denied abortions.
abortion were unavailable 	[21] With 43.8 million abortions performed worldwide in 2008 [74] , the population increase if abortion were unavailable could be substantial.
abortion should be legal 	[33] While the Catholic and Lutheran churches oppose abortion, more of their members believe abortion should be legal in all or most cases versus illegal in all or most cases (51% vs. 45%, Lutheran; 48% vs. 45%, Catholic).
abortion is murder 	Abortion is murder.
abortion is an equivalent 	[23] In the Hindu religion, the holy text Kaushitaki Upanishad states that abortion is an equivalent misdeed to killing one’s own parents.
an abortion is private 	Wade, Justice William H. Rehnquist stated that an abortion "is not 'private' in the ordinary usage of that word.
abortions cause psychological damage 	Abortions cause psychological damage.
abortions reduce the number 	Abortions reduce the number of adoptable babies.
selective abortion is overt discrimination 	Selective abortion based on genetic abnormalities (eugenic termination) is overt discrimination.
abortion should be a legal option 	The debate over whether or not abortion should be a legal option continues to divide Americans long after the US Supreme Court's 7-2 decision on Roe v.
therefore abortion is the immoral killing 	Opponents, identifying themselves as pro-life, contend that personhood begins at conception, and therefore abortion is the immoral killing of an innocent human being.
abortion should be legal 	[79] Gallup also found that more Americans think abortion should be "legal under any circumstances" (28%) than those who want abortion to be "illegal in all circumstances" (21%).
abortion should be legal only 	50% of Americans say abortion should be "legal only under certain circumstances."
abortion is morally wrong 	[94] A 2013 Pew Research survey found that 70% of people who attend religious services at least once a week say abortion is morally wrong, compared with just 32% of people who rarely or never attend services.
] abortions are generally more expensive 	[146] Abortions performed in physicians' offices are generally more expensive than those obtained at an abortion clinic, and abortions performed later in pregnancy are usually more expensive also.
abortions are usually more expensive also 	[146] Abortions performed in physicians' offices are generally more expensive than those obtained at an abortion clinic, and abortions performed later in pregnancy are usually more expensive also.
abortion was illegal 	McCorvey was seeking to end her pregnancy, but abortion was illegal in Texas except to save the mother's life.
sex abortions were taking place 	The bill, signed into law by Republican Governor Jan Brewer, was opposed by Democrats, who said there was little evidence that sex- or race-selection abortions were taking place in the state.
abortion is similar 	They argue that a human fetus is a human being with a right to live, so abortion is similar to murder.
induced abortions have aroused debate controversy 	Induced abortions have aroused debate, controversy and activism because it is related to ethical, moral, philosophical, biological and legal issue.
t put kids 	An aging population, ban abortion and also provide state help so women don't put their kids up for adoption and the kids wind up abroad.
abortion is generally morally acceptable 	Comment: I think Judith Thomson's violinist analogy shows that abortion is generally morally acceptable.
an abortion is something akin 	And yes it is true that the fetus isnt technically alive, but an abortion is something akin to boiling a plant seed.
abortion would be illegal 	But abortion would be illegal, so this would not be applicable."
abortion is normally a non-emergency elective procedure 	Steve Kubby, a Libertarian candidate and founder of the American Medical Marijuana Association, stated in a Feb. 22, 2008 email to ProCon.org:"From a medical standpoint, abortion is normally a non-emergency, elective procedure.
why abortion should be an exception 	That's how it works, and I don't see why abortion should be an exception.
have abortions become an inevitable part 	Have abortions become an inevitable part of the modern world..
is an abortion unethical 	Is an abortion unethical..
what is abortion 	What is abortion?
abortions constitute 7% 	From the statistical point of view, abortions caused by rape, incest and possible health concerns to mother/baby constitute just 7% of the total numbers.
which a surgical abortion absolutely necessary 	The failure rate for most medical abortions is around 3%, following which a surgical abortion becomes absolutely necessary.
a surgical abortion becomes absolutely necessary 	The failure rate for most medical abortions is around 3%, following which a surgical abortion becomes absolutely necessary.
an abortion can cause serious psychological impairment 	An abortion can cause serious psychological impairment to the woman in the form of depression and guilt.
legalize abortions will always be a part 	Legalize or not, abortions will always be a part of society.
abortion can be traumatic 	For one individual, abortion can be traumatic, while for others - a forced childbirth could be equally traumatic.
an abortion is the ending 	DEFINITION<br /> An abortion is the ending of pregnancy before birth which results in the death of an embryo or a foetus.<br />.
an induced abortion is deliberate 	an induced abortion is deliberate.</li></li></ul><li>An induced abortion<br />.
abortion is weeks 	LEGAL ABORTION<br /><ul><li>The 1967 Abortion Act makes abortion legal if the pregnancy is less than 24 weeks and two doctors agree that the abortion can be carried out.
when an abortion cuts short a pregnancy 	When an abortion cuts short a pregnancy, women's breast tissue is left in a dangerously stimulated but undifferentiated state, increasing the risk of later cancerous development.
abortion ppt ameenah 	abortion ppt Ameenah.
abortion takes the life 	I believe life begins at conception and that abortion takes the life of an innocent human being.
abortion should   be legal 	Source: Lindsey Graham 2016, "Protect the Sanctity of Life," www.lindseygraham.com (accessed Aug. 19, 2015) [Editor's Note: Our question specifically asks whether abortion should be "legal."
abortion should   be legal 	Wade 'Law of the Land' (Updated)," www.weeklystandard.com, Aug. 20, 2015 [Editor's Note: Our question specifically asks whether abortion should be "legal."
abortion has been legal 	Abortion in the U.S. has been legal since 1973, which means about 16.1 million women have had abortions as of 2012.
abortion is mass slaughter 	Because to them, abortion is mass slaughter.
abortion should be legal 	Most think abortion should be legal in the majority of cases.
abortion was a “ critical issue 	But among respondents who said abortion was a “critical issue facing the country,” 62 percent said yes.
abortion should be illegal 	That matches Pew’s 2009 survey , in which 79 percent of the “critical issue” respondents, but only 47 percent of respondents as a whole, said abortion should be illegal in most or all circumstances.
abortion was a critical issue 	Twenty-eight percent of respondents said abortion was a critical issue.
abortion should be legal 	And second, “Do you think abortion should be legal in all cases, legal in most cases, illegal in most cases or illegal in all cases?”.
abortion was a deal-breaker 	In 2007, 22 percent of Quinnipiac respondents said abortion was a deal-breaker for them in choosing a candidate.
abortion should be legal 	Among this group, 46 percent said abortion should be legal in all or most cases.
abortion was a deal-breaker 	Twenty-nine percent of respondents said abortion was a deal-breaker.
abortion should be legal 	And this time, pro-choicers held the advantage: In the high-intensity group, respondents who said abortion should be legal outnumbered those who said it should be illegal, 52 to 45 percent.
“ abortion should be generally available ” 	In the sample as a whole, 34 percent said “abortion should be generally available to those who want it,” while 22 percent said “abortion should not be permitted.”
abortion should be available 	(The poll’s middle option—“abortion should be available but under stricter limits than it is now”—is too ambiguous to assign to either side.)
abortion should be generally available 	But the percentage who said abortion should be generally available fell only 4 points.
abortion should be generally available 	In the overall sample, 34 percent said abortion should be generally available, while 21 percent said abortion shouldn’t be permitted.
abortion should be generally available didn 	But the percentage who said abortion should be generally available didn’t decline at all.
abortion was a decision 	That Jan. 22, 1973, U.S. Supreme Court case that ruled that abortion was a decision best left to a woman and her physician, not lawmakers.
abortion is tantamount 	Fecteau, who walked the sidewalks dressed like a concentration camp prisoner on Halloween to underscore her belief that choosing abortion is tantamount to Nazi eugenic purges, will face trial on Feb. 21, 2013, at the Huntsville Municipal Building.
even abortion is too many 	Pro-life activists don’t have to count abortion rates: Even one abortion is too many, says Rick Chenault Sr., who is a regular on the pro-life sidewalk in Huntsville.
abortion is right 	Do you think abortion is right?
abortion is wrong 	Those who are against abortion (pro-life), argue that abortion is wrong because it kills human life.
abortion should be legal 	About forty percent of Americans believe that abortion should be legal.
abortion is wrong 	The main argument of pro-life is that abortion is wrong because you are killing a human being.
abortion has been legal 	While abortion has been legal in America since the land-mark Roe vs. Wade case in the early 1970s, this is by no means a reflection of universal agreement – either international or within America itself – as many Western countries still have considerable restrictions on abortion.
is abortion an issue 	Is abortion an issue that is subjectively moral/immoral, so should be reserved to individual judgement (not law)?
is abortion an important way 	Is abortion an important way for young women to ensure that their futures are not destroyed?
can an abortion be appropriate 	Should she be forced to endure these risks, or can an abortion be appropriate in these circumstances?
does abortion regarding bodies 	Does abortion generally empower women with an important choice regarding their bodies?
is abortion risky 	Is abortion itself risky?
is abortion merely a new form 	Is abortion merely a new form of birth control that is being exploited by women, and which allows them (and their partner) to act recklessly in their sexual behavior?
abortion directly kills the embryo 	abortion directly kills the embryo and does not merely "unplug" and let it die.
abortion is an individual moral choice 	The scale of abortions makes state intervention compelling Some argue that abortion is an individual moral choice that the state should not get involved with.
abortion is wrong 	Abortion deprives a fetus of an entire human future: Some argue that abortion is wrong because it deprives the embryo of a valuable future.
even abortions kill life 	Even if abortions "kill life", it can be justified as upholding a woman's life Even if a fetus is considered a "baby" or human life, abortions can still be justified.
abortions encourage infanticide reagan 	Abortions encourage infanticide Ronald Reagan, "Abortion and the Conscience of a Nation", Human Life Review, Spring 1984.
late-term abortions show once again the link 	- "Late-term abortions, especially when the baby survives, but is then killed by starvation, neglect, or suffocation, show once again the link between abortion and infanticide.
the abortion is much different old baby 	Abortion is murder just as infanticide is murder It cannot be said that the abortion of a nine-month-old fetus is much different than the killing of a three day old baby.
abortions are more frequent 	"Back alley" abortions are more frequent when abortion is illegal.
when abortion is illegal 	"Back alley" abortions are more frequent when abortion is illegal.
back-alley abortions are abortions 	Back-alley abortions are abortions performed illegally on the "black-market" when abortion is generally illegal.
when abortion is generally illegal 	Back-alley abortions are abortions performed illegally on the "black-market" when abortion is generally illegal.
abortions are emotionally unsafe 	Abortions are emotionally and psychologically unsafe.
abortion is the choice 	Abortion is the choice of evils for such women."
abortion is a choice 	It is better to regret not having a child than regret having one It is clear that abortion is a choice between evils.
abortion is justified 	The reason abortion is justified is that a woman will sometimes regret having a child more than she will regret having an abortion.
that an abortion makes 	One of the main reasons that an abortion makes sense is that it spares women of the pains and risks of child-birth.
an abortion makes sense 	One of the main reasons that an abortion makes sense is that it spares women of the pains and risks of child-birth.
abortion is a cruel way 	Abortion is a cruel way out."
abortion is unnecessary 	"Unwanted" children can be adopted; abortion is unnecessary Mother Teresa of Calcutta quotes (Albanian born Indian Missionary and Founder of the Order of the Missionaries of Charity.
which abortion not the accepted answer 	Wade, we must also continue to lay the groundwork for a society in which abortion is not the accepted answer to unwanted pregnancy.
abortion is not the accepted answer 	Wade, we must also continue to lay the groundwork for a society in which abortion is not the accepted answer to unwanted pregnancy.
abortion is not a just response 	Abortion is not a just response to social problems facing the unborn If a child is likely to face social difficulties, this is absolutely no reason to seek an abortion.
abortion is a terrible band-aid 	In any case, if social problems are the concern, these problems should be addressed; abortion is a terrible band-aid.
legal abortion protects women 	Legal abortion protects women with serious illnesses that are vulnerable.
abortions are the exception not 	Abortions under "trying circumstances" are the exception not the rule Most abortions are performed entirely voluntarily by women that have the means to raise a child, but simply don't want to.
abortion must be available 	Rape is an arbitrary exception; abortion must be available in all pregnancies .
abortion is still murder 	Rape does not qualify abortion; it is not the child's fault; abortion is still murder.
abortion places women 	Abortion fails to liberate women as intended Instead of freeing women, abortion places women in a new prison of regret and torment.
t be a form 	Abortion shouldn't be a form of birth control when other forms are readily available.
an abortion kills innocents 	An abortion kills innocents; capital punishment kills the guilty There is no contradiction between opposing abortions and supporting capital punishment, as many conservatives do.
abortion was one 	Wade decision in 1973 - "To discover that abortion was one of the greatest crime-lowering factors in American history is, needless to say, jarring.
abortion could have wiped some 	This is a counter-argument to the notion that abortion could have wiped out some of the greatest social contributors in history; it also could have wiped out some of the worst individuals in history.
abortion is akin 	Since life begins at conception, abortion is akin to murder as it is the act of taking human life.
abortion is no different 	No civilized society permits one human to intentionally harm or take the life of another human without punishment, and abortion is no different.
abortions are often minors 	Those who choose abortions are often minors or young women with insufficient life experience to understand fully what they are doing.
nearly all abortions take place 	Nearly all abortions take place in the first trimester, when a fetus cannot exist independent of the mother.
abortion is a safe medical procedure 	Abortion is a safe medical procedure.
abortions have 0 	Medical abortions have less than 0.5% risk of serious complications and do not affect a woman's health or future ability to become pregnant or give birth.
abortion is one 	Taxpayer dollars are used to enable poor women to access the same medical services as rich women, and abortion is one of these services.
abortion is no different 	Funding abortion is no different from funding a war in the Mideast.
abortion creates stress 	Like any other difficult situation, abortion creates stress.
should abortion be legal 	These three health topics explore the core questions: "Should abortion be legal?," "Is obesity a disease?," and "Should prescription drugs be advertised directly to consumers?".
abortion should be legal 	* Although the Catholic and Lutheran churches oppose abortion, more of their members believe abortion should be legal in all or most cases versus illegal in all or most cases (51% vs. 45%, Lutheran; 48% vs. 45%, Catholic).
where abortion is legal 	In principle, of course, similar laws could be introduced anywhere where abortion is legal.
abortion is legal 	The motion necessarily assumes that abortion is legal, so questions about whether or not it should be are beside the point - arguments against abortion in general would point to the need for an outright ban, not for parental consent for it.
an abortion takes place 	Obtaining parental consent necessarily imposes a delay into the abortion process, which increases the likelihood of complications: generally speaking, the earlier in pregnancy an abortion takes place, the safer it is.
has abortion become a modern casualty 	Has abortion become a modern life casualty?
abortion has always been a heated subject 	In fact, abortion has always been a heated subject amongst the masses as people have their own school of thoughts regarding it.
abortion caused account 	You would be surprised to know that abortion caused due to rape and other health complications account to nearly 7%, while the remaining cases of abortion are primarily a result of personal and social issues.
-having an abortion carries the risk 	-Having an abortion done always carries the risk of not being able to become pregnant ever again in life.
abortion will always play an active role 	Whether you agree or not, abortion will always play an active role in our society.
abortion can be a highly miserable experience 	While for one, abortion can be a highly miserable experience, to the other, having a forced child can be a highly miserable experience.
abortion should be legal 	I believe that abortion should be legal.
abortion is gross 	I think that abortion is gross, and anyone that does it should be put into jail for murder.
abortion is a killing 	I really like this article because abortion is a killing of a human being and it's wrong.
abortion is wrong 	But she knows and I know that abortion is wrong!
t want kids 	They would love to have kids, but they can't; the people who don't want kids but get pregnant just do abortion.
abortion is right 	Therefore, I will NOT judge another human being or tell them whether abortion is right or wrong.
abortion should be legal 	OK, abortion should be legal.
abortion is murder 	Abortion is murder!
abortion is murder 	To those stating that adoption is *always* an option and that abortion is murder in any situation, I must respond: Adoption is a long, expensive, and arduous process.
abortion is murder 	I believe that abortion is murder even if you are raped.
abortion should be illegal 	I think that abortion should be illegal, not only are you taking someone else's life, you are putting yourself through guilt.
abortion is illegal 	And the state should make it a law that abortion is illegal, but only on certain criteria, for example, if it was rape, or if the mother is about to die giving birth.
abortions are wrong 	This article said that there are pros and cons to abortions, but when I read the passage, it was very biased in saying that abortions are wrong.
abortion is wrong 	I personally believe that abortion is wrong, but I forgive those who have done it (even though my forgiveness doesn't mean much.)
abortion is wrong 	Also, if you believe abortion is wrong, stick with your gut.
t have a lot 	P.S. I am a teenager, so I don't have a lot of experience, but I still think abortion should be avoided until the day that it becomes illegal.
abortion is murder 	Putting it bluntly, abortion is murder.
t give it 	In the event of rape, try to accept your child, but if you can't give it up for abortion.
what abortion really is 	I hope everyone realizes what abortion really is.
t be legal 	I believe that abortion shouldn't be legal or illegal but should be restricted.
why is abortion so controversial 	Why is abortion so controversial?
when abortions are illegal 	• When abortions are illegal, women seek them anyway.
abortion is murder 	Abortion is murder.
• abortion is an ancient uncivilized inhumane practice 	• Abortion is an ancient, uncivilized, inhumane practice.
abortion should be legal 	A 2009 survey by the Pew Research Center found that 46% of Americans believed abortion should be legal in all or most cases, while 44% said abortion should be illegal in all or most cases.
abortion should be illegal 	A 2009 survey by the Pew Research Center found that 46% of Americans believed abortion should be legal in all or most cases, while 44% said abortion should be illegal in all or most cases.
abortion should be legal 	(In the same poll, 18% said abortion should be legal in all cases, while 16% said it should be illegal in all cases.).
abortion was legal 	In the U.S., abortion was legal until the first laws prohibiting it, in the mid-1800s.
legal abortion is available 	At present, legal abortion is available to about two-thirds of the women in the world.
abortion does not increase this risk 	The scientific consensus is that abortion does not increase this risk.
abortion causes pain 	• Fetal pain: Many pro-life activists raise the argument that abortion causes pain to the fetus.
legal abortions are available 	In general, legal abortions are available in developed countries (Canada, Germany, and Denmark, for example), and illegal in poorer countries (Nicaragua, Liberia, Algeria).
not abortion should be legal 	• “Whether or not abortion should be legal turns on the answer to the question of whether and at what point a fetus is a person.
abortions would be easier 	• “My belief is that if men were the ones getting pregnant, abortions would be easier to get than food poisoning in Moscow.”
abortion / discussion 	Abortion: Pro/Con Discussion.
abortion would not be a victimless crime 	For if the fetus does represent a human life, then it too has rights that must be guarded, and abortion, a process which destroys the fetus, would not be a victimless crime (Honderich, 1995).
abortion is the murder 	In their eyes, abortion is the murder of an innocent life.
abortion / discussion 	"Abortion: Pro/Con Discussion."
abortion is murder 	In this booklet I intend to prove that abortion is murder.
abortion is murder 	And, finally, I will conclude, showing to any unbiased reader that abortion is murder and should be apposed by all.
abortion is not murder 	The only way a man could continue to believe that abortion is not murder is to either be blind, deaf, and dumb or to have a prideful prejudice not to go ahead and say the Bible is right.
abortion was ok 	If all of science said abortion was OK and the Bible declares it to be murder, then science is wrong.
abortion is justifiable 	We have lived to see the day that so-called Christian leaders and godly "Christians" are saying that abortion (murder) is justifiable and no more than an appendectomy.
back-alley abortion was one 	He admits that back-alley abortion was one of his early motivations in the pro-abortion cause.
abortion is murder 	We have seen Biblically that abortion is murder.
abortions now exceed live births 	Among unmarried women in the US abortions now exceed live births by a ratio of 3:2.
definitely abortion is murder 	They have become irrational, since science and the Bible show definitely that abortion is murder, they will go ahead with it, anyway, just to fulfill their hedonistic desires.
abortion should be legal 	Although the Catholic and Lutheran churches oppose abortion, more of their members believe abortion should be legal in all or most cases versus illegal in all or most cases (51% vs. 45%, Lutheran; 48% vs. 45%, Catholic).
t be a form 	Other birth control is readily available; thus, abortion shouldn't be a form of birth control.
t have the maturity 	The abortion decision is often made by minors or young adults, who don't have the maturity and life experiences to make good decisions.
abortion is not murder 	Abortion is not murder because it is performed before a fetus has developed into a human person.
abortion is murder 	Even if you don't believe abortion is murder, it still demeans the value of human life, since women can so callously stomp out a living being simply because they're inconvenienced.
t be a form 	Other birth control is readily available; thus, abortion shouldn't be a form of birth control.
legalized abortion could turn babies 	Legalized abortion could turn babies into science experiments.
t have the maturity 	The abortion decision is often made by minors or young adults, who don't have the maturity and life experiences to make good decisions.
who probably t developed 	Why should such a life or death decision as abortion be made by a person who probably hasn't developed that capacity?
probably t developed that capacity 	Why should such a life or death decision as abortion be made by a person who probably hasn't developed that capacity?
abortion is a medical procedure 	Abortion is a medical procedure that must be performed by a doctor.
abortion is not murder 	Abortion is not murder because it is performed before a fetus      has developed into a human person.
abortion is right 	Pro-Choice (Or pro death reasons that abortion is right).
nearly all abortions take place 	Nearly all abortions take place in the first trimester, when a fetus  cannot exist independent of the mother.
abortion is a safe medical procedure 	Abortion is a safe medical procedure.
abortions have 0 	Medical  abortions have less than 0.5% risk of serious complications and do not  affect a woman's health or future ability to become pregnant or give birth.
abortion will not take the trauma 	When a woman becomes pregnant as a result of rape  (which happens less than 1 per cent of the time), abortion will not take  away the trauma, the nightmares, the pain---it will only ad to them!
abortion is one 	Taxpayer dollars are used to enable poor women to access the same  medical services as rich women, and abortion is one of these services.
abortion is no different 	Funding abortion is no different from funding a war in the Mideast.
abortion creates stress 	Like any other difficult situation, abortion creates stress.
abortions violate the commandment 	The above facts simply point that abortions violate the commandment, "Thou shalt not kill".
therefore abortion is murder 	Therefore, abortion is murder of a person.
abortion is not murder 	Mormon and some Fundamentalist churches believe in personhood at conception; Judaism holds that it begins at birth and abortion is not murder; ensoulment theories vary widely within Protestantism.
when abortion is morally justified 	The religious community will never reach consensus on the definition of a “person” or when abortion is morally justified.
when illegal abortion was the leading killer 	The hypocrisy is clear: when illegal abortion was the leading killer of pregnant women in the U.S., there was no Right to Life (RTL) organization.
abortion is morally wrong 	Abortion is morally wrong.
abortion may be the morally right choice 	Most Americans reject the absolutist position that it is always wrong to terminate a pregnancy and believe that abortion may be the morally right choice under certain circumstances.
abortion is morally wrong 	If you believe abortion is morally wrong, you are obligated to work to make abortion illegal and unavailable.
legalized abortion is a sign 	Legalized abortion is a sign of the moral decay that is destroying America.
abortion is a religious issue 	Abortion is a religious issue, because the basis of opposition to abortion is the theological question of when personhood begins.
abortion is wrong 	Abortion is wrong because it is taking a human life.
abortion is a constitutional right 	Where do pro-abortionists get the idea that abortion is a constitutional right?
then abortion would be the crime 	If “person” were defined as beginning at conception, then abortion would be the crime of murder.
abortion should be illegal 	Most Americas believe that abortion should be illegal.
abortion is available 	Women don’t bother with contraception because abortion is available.
abortion is never the best solution 	Abortion is never the best solution.
abortion is not as safe 	Abortion is not as safe as natural pregnancy.
abortion greatly increased the incidence 	And abortion greatly increased the incidence of miscarriage in future pregnancies.
abortion is legal 	The Supreme Court ruled that abortion on demand is legal for the entire nine months of pregnancy.
abortion has become a dollar industry 	abortion has become a multimillion dollar industry.
illegal abortions were big business 	Illegal abortions were big business, as back-alley practitioners were able to extract huge fees from desperate women.
abortions are the same 	Six million abortions are the same as six million Jews; a life is a life.
abortion is an instrument 	Blacks are against abortion because they believe abortion is an instrument of genocide.
where abortion has been legal 	In countries where abortion has been legal for years, there is no evidence that respect for life has diminished or that legal abortion leads to killing of any persons.
abortion were illegal 	If abortion were illegal, well-intentioned but unskilled practitioners would perforate uteruses, misjudge the length of gestation, do incomplete abortions, and otherwise botch the procedure.
abortion is murder 	The fetus is a human being from the moment of conception; this means abortion is murder, which is immoral and should be illegal.
what circumstances should abortion legal 	When asked “Under what circumstances should abortion be legal?” the following responses yielded data representative of the gray area between the two “opposing sides” of pro-life and pro-choice supporters [emphases added].
should abortion be legal 	When asked “Under what circumstances should abortion be legal?” the following responses yielded data representative of the gray area between the two “opposing sides” of pro-life and pro-choice supporters [emphases added].
“ ” abortion should be a legal practice 	- “Under any circumstances” abortion should be a legal practice: 24% of respondents agreed.
“ ” abortion should be a legal practice 	- “Under a few circumstances” abortion should be a legal practice: 40% of respondents agreed.
“ ” abortion should be a legal practice 	- “Under most circumstances” abortion should be a legal practice: 15% of respondents agreed.
abortions closely resemble the birthing process 	Because dilation and extraction abortions closely resemble the birthing process or miscarriage , people are often weary of this type of abortion.
