
Weblogs (blogs), defined here as frequently modified web pages in which dated
entries are listed in reverse chronological sequence, are becoming an increasingly popular
form of communication on the World Wide Web. (p.2)

Journalists see blogs as
alternative sources of news and public opinion (Lasica, 2001). (p.2)
to express and try to influence

Educators and business
people see them as environments for knowledge sharing (Festa, 2003; Ray, 2003); (p.2)
different user group has different goal

According to Blood (2002a), blogging
makes people more thoughtful and articulate observers of the world around them. (p.2)
one reason for why bloggers use blogs

Like weblogs, personal home pages are typically created and maintained by a
single individual, and their content tends to focus on the creator or his/her interests.(p.4)
focus of blogs - blogger group

Krishnamurthy's propose

Krishnamurthy proposed a classification of blogs into
four basic types according to two dimensions: personal vs. topical, and individual vs.
community. His schematic representation is reproduced as Figure 1. (p.5)
two metrics: owner and topic

purpose is a key criterion for defining a genre, we coded for the
overall purpose of the blog. (p.7)
goal of blogs important

a modified
version of Blood's (2002a) three blog types:filters, personal journals, and k-logs. (p.7)

Upon initial examination, the characteristics of blog authors resemble the
demographics of users of other public Internet communication protocols such as
discussion forums (cf. Herring, 2003) and personal homepages on the web (D?ring,
2002).

Blogs appear to be less likely to contain a guest book, a search
function, and advertisements than are personal home pages (cf. Bates & Lu, 1997). Blogs
are relatively image-poor as well, compared to personal home pages, nearly 80% of
which were found to contain graphics in Bates & Lu's sample. (p.13)
common of blogs


enabling faster and easier content modification that does not require knowledge of
HTML (p.24)
