have abortions become an inevitable part of the modern world 	vbp nns vbn dt jj nn in dt jj nn	have abortions become an inevitable part of the modern world..	vbp nns vbn dt jj nn in dt jj nn . .	false	13	27
is an abortion unethical 	vbz dt nn jj	is an abortion unethical..	vbz dt nn jj . .	false	13	126
is abortion an important way 	vbz nn dt jj nn	is abortion an important way for young women to ensure that their futures are not destroyed?	vbz nn dt jj nn in jj nns to vb in prp$ nns vbp rb vbn .	false	29	2541
abortions encourage infanticide ronald reagan 	nns vbp jj nnp nnp	abortions encourage infanticide ronald reagan, "abortion and the conscience of a nation", human life review, spring 1984.	nns vbp jj nnp nnp , `` nnp cc dt nnp in dt nn '' , nnp nnp nnp , nnp cd .	false	29	23412
abortions are emotionally unsafe 	nns vbp rb jj	abortions are emotionally and psychologically unsafe.	nns vbp rb cc rb jj .	false	29	26251
abortion is a safe medical procedure 	nn vbz dt jj jj nn	abortion is a safe medical procedure.	nn vbz dt jj jj nn .	false	2	3094
abortion will always play an active role 	nn md rb vb dt jj nn	whether you agree or not, abortion will always play an active role in our society.	in prp vbp cc rb , nn md rb vb dt jj nn in prp$ nn .	false	3	3622
• abortion is an ancient uncivilized inhumane practice 	jj nn vbz dt jj jj jj nn	• abortion is an ancient, uncivilized, inhumane practice.	jj nn vbz dt jj , jj , jj nn .	false	44	4514
abortions now exceed live births 	nns rb vbp jj nns	among unmarried women in the us abortions now exceed live births by a ratio of 3:2.	in jj nns in dt nnp nns rb vbp jj nns in dt nn in cd : cd .	false	48	58064
abortion is not murder 	nn vbz rb nn	abortion is not murder because it is performed before a fetus has developed into a human person.	nn vbz rb nn in prp vbz vbn in dt nn vbz vbn in dt jj nn .	true	5	1655
abortion is not murder 	nn vbz rb nn	abortion is not murder because it is performed before a fetus      has developed into a human person.	nn vbz rb nn in prp vbz vbn in dt nn vbz vbn in dt jj nn .	true	5	12860
abortion is a safe medical procedure 	nn vbz dt jj jj nn	abortion is a safe medical procedure.	nn vbz dt jj jj nn .	false	6	2117
abortion will not take the trauma 	nn md rb vb dt nn	when a woman becomes pregnant as a result of rape  (which happens less than 1 per cent of the time), abortion will not take  away the trauma, the nightmares, the pain---it will only ad to them!	wrb dt nn vbz jj in dt nn in nn -lrb- wdt vbz jjr in cd in nn in dt nn -rrb- , nn md rb vb rp dt nn , dt nns , dt nn md rb nn to prp .	true	6	3495
