blogs have lots of information
comparison of Blogs and Newspapers

More than just text, they provide significant structural
information about the author, such as precise timestamps,
geographical location, age, gender, and explicit friendship
links. They also provide a forum for a much larger and potentially
representative group of correspondents than conventional
media. (p.1)

such as precise timestamps,
geographical location, age, gender, and explicit friendship
links.

people blog to express their opinions on issues
to influence others.

increased chatter about a
book in blogs can predict an increase in the Amazon sales
rank for that book. (p.2)
influence of blogs on business

They show
that a large fraction of friendship links can be explained geographically.
Further, they show that geographic distance
is not the correct way to calculate the probability that two
people are friends, but rather the number of people that live
closer to one person than the other. (p.2)
blogs after group of users

we
found that entertainment figures had most postings in the entertainment
category, and political figures had most postings
in the news category. (p.3)
entities has an important role to show interest of blogs users

Blogs are more difficult to analyze using traditional natural
language processing techniques than professional news reports.
While newspapers adhere to standard usage of grammar,
punctuation and capitalization, blogs are seldom grammatically
correct, often use inconsistent capitalization and
punctuation, and contain typos, misspellings, and unique
abbreviations. (p.4)
informal language, fast input without checking

to account
for inconsistent capitalization. (p.5)
one of difficulties using NLP to detect

ambiguity of some of
these tokens (p.5)

One interesting direction of future work in this arena is
to use both the emotion-conveying capitalization and emoticons
in the development of a sentiment extraction system
that can capture the strong emotions that are often communicated
in blogs. (p.5)

An interesting similarity between the two lists
is the prominence of technology companies. (p.5)
both have comman interest

