abortions reduce the number of adoptable babies 	nns vbp dt nn in jj nns	abortions reduce the number of adoptable babies.	nns vbp dt nn in jj nns .	false	0	21109
selective abortion is overt discrimination 	jj nn vbz jj nn	selective abortion based on genetic abnormalities (eugenic termination) is overt discrimination.	jj nn vbn in jj nns -lrb- jj nn -rrb- vbz jj nn .	false	0	21736
abortions reduce the number of adoptable babies 	nns vbp dt nn in jj nns	abortions reduce the number of adoptable babies.	nns vbp dt nn in jj nns .	false	0	69425
selective abortion is overt discrimination 	jj nn vbz jj nn	selective abortion based on genetic abnormalities (eugenic termination) is overt discrimination.	jj nn vbn in jj nns -lrb- jj nn -rrb- vbz jj nn .	false	0	70052
what is abortion 	wp vbz nn	what is abortion?	wp vbz nn .	false	13	728
abortions constitute 7% of the total numbers 	nns vbp cd in dt jj nns	from the statistical point of view, abortions caused by rape, incest and possible health concerns to mother/baby constitute just 7% of the total numbers.	in dt jj nn in nn , nns vbn in nn , nn cc jj nn nns to nn jj nn vbp rb cd in dt jj nns .	false	13	1029
an abortion can cause serious psychological impairment 	dt nn md vb jj jj nn	an abortion can cause serious psychological impairment to the woman in the form of depression and guilt.	dt nn md vb jj jj nn to dt nn in dt nn in nn cc nn .	false	13	3134
legalize abortions will always be a part of society 	rb nns md rb vb dt nn in nn	legalize or not, abortions will always be a part of society.	rb cc rb , nns md rb vb dt nn in nn .	false	13	4542
abortion ppt ameenah 	nn vbp nnp	abortion ppt ameenah.	nn vbp nnp .	false	15	5976
is abortion an issue 	vbz nn dt nn	is abortion an issue that is subjectively moral/immoral, so should be reserved to individual judgement (not law)?	vbz nn dt nn wdt vbz rb jj vbp jj , in md vb vbn to jj nn -lrb- rb nn -rrb- .	false	29	2279
does abortion regarding bodies 	vbz nn vbg nns	does abortion generally empower women with an important choice regarding their bodies?	vbz nn rb vbp nns in dt jj nn vbg prp$ nns .	false	29	3208
is abortion merely a new form of birth control 	vbz nn rb dt jj nn in nn nn	is abortion merely a new form of birth control that is being exploited by women, and which allows them (and their partner) to act recklessly in their sexual behavior?	vbz nn rb dt jj nn in nn nn wdt vbz vbg vbn in nns , cc wdt vbz prp -lrb- cc prp$ nn -rrb- to vb rb in prp$ jj nn .	false	29	3905
abortion directly kills the embryo 	nn rb vbz dt nn	abortion directly kills the embryo and does not merely "unplug" and let it die.	nn rb vbz dt nn cc vbz rb rb `` vb '' cc vb prp vb .	false	29	6992
late-term abortions show once again the link 	jj nns vbp rb rb dt nn	- "late-term abortions, especially when the baby survives, but is then killed by starvation, neglect, or suffocation, show once again the link between abortion and infanticide.	: `` jj nns , rb wrb dt nn vbz , cc vbz rb vbn in nn , nn , cc nn , vbp rb rb dt nn in nn cc nn .	false	29	23534
abortions are more frequent 	nns vbp rbr jj	"back alley" abortions are more frequent when abortion is illegal.	`` rb nn '' nns vbp rbr jj wrb nn vbz jj .	false	29	24459
back-alley abortions are abortions 	jj nns vbp nns	back-alley abortions are abortions performed illegally on the "black-market" when abortion is generally illegal.	jj nns vbp nns vbn rb in dt `` nn '' wrb nn vbz rb jj .	false	29	24526
abortion is not a just response 	nn vbz rb dt rb nn	abortion is not a just response to social problems facing the unborn if a child is likely to face social difficulties, this is absolutely no reason to seek an abortion.	nn vbz rb dt rb nn to jj nns vbg dt nn in dt nn vbz jj to vb jj nns , dt vbz rb dt nn to vb dt nn .	true	29	35277
legal abortion protects women 	jj nn vbz nns	legal abortion protects women with serious illnesses that are vulnerable.	jj nn vbz nns in jj nns wdt vbp jj .	false	29	36882
abortions are the exception not 	nns vbp dt nn rb	abortions under "trying circumstances" are the exception not the rule most abortions are performed entirely voluntarily by women that have the means to raise a child, but simply don't want to.	nns in `` vbg nns '' vbp dt nn rb dt nn jjs nns vbp vbn rb rb in nns wdt vbp dt vbz to vb dt nn , cc rb vb '' nn vbp to .	true	29	37700
t be a form of birth control 	nn vb dt nn in nn nn	abortion shouldn't be a form of birth control when other forms are readily available.	nnp nnp pos nn vb dt nn in nn nn wrb jj nns vbp rb jj .	false	29	42642
an abortion kills innocents 	dt nn vbz nns	an abortion kills innocents; capital punishment kills the guilty there is no contradiction between opposing abortions and supporting capital punishment, as many conservatives do.	dt nn vbz nns : nn nn vbz dt jj ex vbz dt nn in vbg nns cc vbg jj nn , in jj nns vbp .	false	29	44981
abortion is akin 	nn vbz jj	since life begins at conception, abortion is akin to murder as it is the act of taking human life.	in nn vbz in nn , nn vbz jj to nn in prp vbz dt nn in vbg jj nn .	false	2	629
nearly all abortions take place of the mother 	rb dt nns vbp nn in dt nn	nearly all abortions take place in the first trimester, when a fetus cannot exist independent of the mother.	rb dt nns vbp nn in dt jj nn , wrb dt nn nn vbp jj in dt nn .	false	2	2229
funding abortion is no different 	nnp nn vbz rb jj	funding abortion is no different from funding a war in the mideast.	nnp nn vbz rb jj in vbg dt nn in dt nnp .	false	2	4337
has abortion become a modern life casualty 	vbz nn vbn dt jj nn nn	has abortion become a modern life casualty?	vbz nn vbn dt jj nn nn .	false	3	0
abortion has always been a heated subject 	nn vbz rb vbn dt jj nn	in fact, abortion has always been a heated subject amongst the masses as people have their own school of thoughts regarding it.	in nn , nn vbz rb vbn dt jj nn in dt nns in nns vbp prp$ jj nn in nns vbg prp .	false	3	301
abortion should be legal 	nn md vb jj	ok, abortion should be legal.	uh , nn md vb jj .	false	3	10605
t have a lot of experience 	nn vbp dt nn in nn	p.s. i am a teenager, so i don't have a lot of experience, but i still think abortion should be avoided until the day that it becomes illegal.	nnp . nnp . prp vbp dt nn , in prp vb pos nn vbp dt nn in nn , cc prp rb vbp nn md vb vbn in dt nn in prp vbz jj .	false	3	19913
t give it 	nn vbp prp	in the event of rape, try to accept your child, but if you can't give it up for abortion.	in dt nn in nn , vbp to vb prp$ nn , cc in prp md '' nn vbp prp rp in nn .	false	3	20392
abortion was legal 	nn vbd jj	in the u.s., abortion was legal until the first laws prohibiting it, in the mid-1800s.	in dt nnp . nnp . , nn vbd jj in dt jj nns vbg prp , in dt nn .	false	44	12933
legal abortion is available 	jj nn vbz jj	at present, legal abortion is available to about two-thirds of the women in the world.	in nn , jj nn vbz jj to in nns in dt nns in dt nn .	false	44	14244
legal abortions are available 	jj nns vbp jj	in general, legal abortions are available in developed countries (canada, germany, and denmark, for example), and illegal in poorer countries (nicaragua, liberia, algeria).	in jj , jj nns vbp jj in jj nns -lrb- nnp , nnp , cc nnp , in nn -rrb- , cc jj in jjr nns -lrb- nnp , nnp , nnp -rrb- .	false	44	17663
abortion / con discussion 	nn vbz nn nn	abortion: pro/con discussion.	nn : fw vbz nn nn .	false	45	9
abortion is the murder of an innocent life 	nn vbz dt nn in dt jj nn	in their eyes, abortion is the murder of an innocent life.	in prp$ nns , nn vbz dt nn in dt jj nn .	false	45	1736
abortion / con discussion 	nn vbz nn nn	"abortion: pro/con discussion."	`` nn : fw vbz nn nn . ''	false	45	2264
legalized abortion could turn babies 	jj nn md vb nns	legalized abortion could turn babies into science experiments.	jj nn md vb nns in nn nns .	false	5	5388
abortion is a medical procedure 	nn vbz dt jj nn	abortion is a medical procedure that must be performed by a doctor.	nn vbz dt jj nn wdt md vb vbn in dt nn .	false	5	6823
nearly all abortions take place of the mother 	rb dt nns vbp nn in dt nn	nearly all abortions take place in the first trimester, when a fetus  cannot exist independent of the mother.	rb dt nns vbp nn in dt jj nn , wrb dt nn nn vbp jj in dt nn .	false	6	396
funding abortion is no different 	nnp nn vbz rb jj	funding abortion is no different from funding a war in the mideast.	nnp nn vbz rb jj in vbg dt nn in dt nnp .	false	6	5521
legalized abortion is a sign of the moral decay 	jj nn vbz dt nn in dt jj nn	legalized abortion is a sign of the moral decay that is destroying america.	jj nn vbz dt nn in dt jj nn wdt vbz vbg nnp .	false	7	1963
abortion is a religious issue 	nn vbz dt jj nn	abortion is a religious issue, because the basis of opposition to abortion is the theological question of when personhood begins.	nn vbz dt jj nn , in dt nn in nn to nn vbz dt jj nn in wrb nn vbz .	false	7	4502
abortion is never the best solution 	nn vbz rb dt jjs nn	abortion is never the best solution.	nn vbz rb dt jjs nn .	true	7	11776
abortion greatly increased the incidence of miscarriage 	nn rb vbd dt nn in nn	and abortion greatly increased the incidence of miscarriage in future pregnancies.	cc nn rb vbd dt nn in nn in jj nns .	false	7	13508
abortion has become a dollar industry 	nn vbz vbn dt nn nn	abortion has become a multimillion dollar industry.	nn vbz vbn dt jj nn nn .	false	7	16867
abortions are the same 	nns vbp dt jj	six million abortions are the same as six million jews; a life is a life.	cd cd nns vbp dt jj in cd cd nnps : dt nn vbz dt nn .	false	7	20450
“ ” abortion should be a legal practice 	rb jj nn md vb dt jj nn	- “under any circumstances” abortion should be a legal practice: 24% of respondents agreed.	: rb in dt nns jj nn md vb dt jj nn : cd in nns vbd .	false	8	2407
“ ” abortion should be a legal practice 	rb jj nn md vb dt jj nn	- “under a few circumstances” abortion should be a legal practice: 40% of respondents agreed.	: rb in dt jj nns jj nn md vb dt jj nn : cd in nns vbd .	false	8	2499
“ ” abortion should be a legal practice 	rb jj nn md vb dt jj nn	- “under most circumstances” abortion should be a legal practice: 15% of respondents agreed.	: rb in jjs nns jj nn md vb dt jj nn : cd in nns vbd .	false	8	2593
